Your name
CSCI-305

10. The word "cat" gives the title: "cat blues for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is"
    The word "dog" gives the title: "dog blues for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is"
    The word "me" gives the title: "me to the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a"
    The word "they" gives the title: "they say goodbye to the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world"
    The word "cactus" gives the title: "cactus jack the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a"
    The word "lo" gives the title: "lo que te quiero ser feliz navidad negra tomasa"

    "is a little girl in the world" is the most common phrase I have noticed. Since "is" follows a lot of words, once it
    is added to the song title, the words following it will be the same. "for" is also another word that is common. Common words
    such as "are" "they" "the" "a" "in" make the song titles run in a pattern
14. Explain why so many of the titles devolve into repeating patterns. -- Because common words such as "you" follow many different words as the top word.
The top word that follows "you" is "are" and the top word that follows "are" is "you" so the pattern repeats to "you are you are.."

15. Try several words. Find a song title that terminates in less than 20 words. Could you find one? If so, which song title did you find? If not, why not?
The word "que" gives the song title: "que te quiero ser feliz navidad negra tomasa" which terminates in less than 20 words.

16. For my "fix", I checked the current word against the words already existing in the sentence. If the sentence contains the word,
then it will break. At first I attempted to only check the first few words in a sentence but I found out that many phrases 10-15 words long
would repeat. Only allowing words in the title that have not already been added was the only way I found to avoid repetition of words/phrases.

17. Using the a_tracks.txt file: "montana vs star is you ready love song about me down low frequency inversion field memories"
    Using the unique_tracks.txt file: montana sacra nova scotia
18. "bob marley medley 1 2 b flat major op 64 bytes"
19. "bob marley me down road blues night long way you are"
    "bob marley song you are"
    This is different because the mcw method will randomly pick a top word if there are two that are tied.
20. "bo diddley daddy was you are"

21. I enjoy the ease of using regular expressions. It makes it much simpler to enter a regular expression instead of having to use
if statements for every possible string a word could be.

22. I'm not a fan of having end statements at the end of blocks. Part of it is just me because I'm not used to having to do it. I
find it easy to forget to add the end statement, which causes my program to crash sometimes.

23. I thought this was a pretty decent first lab for learning ruby. I thought the instructions were well written and it was easy
to understand the requirements. It took me a while to figure out how to structure my bigrams data structure, but I figured it out
after banging my head against the wall a few times.

24. 10-12

25. I could see myself using ruby again. I'm not sure what kind of project I would personally use it for, but I do know that people use ruby to
make applications, so that would be an option. It's definitely a new choice to add to my list of programming languages. 
